I find inspiration from a lot of different avenues. Um, sometimes it's
the people that I'm around. Um, sometimes it's especially friends when
they're when they're successful, in their own jobs or in their own
school. Um, but to tell you the truth, my biggest inspiration comes
from the past historical feature. Historic historical figures. I
have been learning about Albert Einstein recently, Isaac Newton. Some
of the scientists that have pushed forward quantum mechanics and quantum
computing. Um, those guys, you realize that for the vast majority
of of their life, they're just normal guys. They have a wife and
kids and they watch TV just like us. They go out and buy pants and
clothes and hats, but, you know, for ah, section of their life, they
actually really put forth their full effort. They read the books that
it takes. They talk to the people, they do the math, Um, and and
it's not normal, you know? That's what did you do for this Friday?
Well, I was watching Netflix and some kind of YouTube movies, but what
they did was they. They pushed themselves forward to the limits of
human understanding, and then they made their own mark, and those
are the type of people that I find inspiration from the people that
are changing the world.